your majesty
there are riots in Paris riots the Paris
is the most beautiful city in the world
why should my people feel anything but
pride and contentment well yes I'm sure
they are content and proud but they are
also starving in a turbulent time the
next time your rioters shoot power ruled
I am a young King plan can't them be a
good king injustice reigned to the
prison who shot girl and into the master
until you die in it and the tyrant took
whatever he desired who's that well with
the son of Athos France why your taste
may run too young soldiers but I was
referring to the beauty next to him he
thought no one could take his place now
we know that some problems cannot be
solved with a sword and some can be
settled without one but he was wrong
we will replace the King this the word
to hell hell maybe our destination I'm
doing I am your escape to freedom
it's a prison of course there's no
trouble getting in and the problems will
come
I love life is my twin fact which has
kept him alive until now Georgia
Leonardo DiCaprio Jeremy Irons John
Malkovich Gerard Depardieu
Gabriel Byrne you're constantly
surrounded by beautiful women you love
any of them quite frequently actually -
surrounded by intrigue danger around you
magnificent fellow
I'm on my way to a salad from the
Academy award-nominated writer of
Braveheart comes the motion-picture
adventures one for all all for one
it's a Judgment Day the man in the iron
mask